Add ISO 3166-1 data accessors to the Country model (#5)
wintercms/wn-location-plugin: README.md

<div class="form-group">
    <label for="accountCountry">Country</label>
    {{ form_select_country('country_id', countryId, {
        id: 'accountCountry',
        class: 'form-control',
        emptyOption: '',
        'data-request': 'onInit',
        'data-request-update': {
            'country-state': '#partialCountryState'
        }
    }) }}
</div>

<div class="form-group">
    <label for="accountState">State</label>
    {{ form_select_state('state_id', countryId, stateId, {
        id: 'accountState',
        class: 'form-control',
        emptyOption: ''
    }) }}
</div>
```

This partial can be rendered in a form with the following:

```twig
<div id="partialCountryState">
    {% partial 'country-state' countryId=user.country_id stateId=user.state_id %}
</div>
```

### Short code accessors

The behavior will also add a special short code accessor and setter to the model that converts `country_code` and `state_code` to their respective identifiers.

```php
// Softly looks up and sets the country_id and state_id
// for these Country and State relations.

$model->country_code = "US";
$model->state_code = "FL";
$model->save();
```
### ISO 3166-1 accessors

> The behavior will also provide specials ISO-3166-1 accessors to the model through the [league/iso3166](https://github.com/thephpleague/iso3166).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior will also provide specials ISO-3166-1 accessors to the model through the [league/iso3166](https://github.com/thephpleague/iso3166) package.  
```

> The behavior will also provide specials ISO-3166-1 accessors to the model through the [league/iso3166](https://github.com/thephpleague/iso3166) package.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior will also add the ISO-3166-1 values as accessors to the model (data sourced from the [league/iso3166](https://github.com/thephpleague/iso3166) package).  
```
